I realized I'm doing too much handholding.

While this process should be easy, the developers of fangames will likely want freedom and just want the battle system to be plug and play.

So, we're gonna start just by making the battle system plug and play.

After that, I'll try to make my own fan game and decide what to make after that.

0. Mod creation
    - Mods will be created independently of any specific game engine so they can be plug and play between each.
    - These will primarily be data-driven w/ json files, etc 
    - Mod structure, for now, will be as follows: (This should have a UI to easily create)
        - mod_name
            - dex
                - `dex.json`
            - sprites
                - all sprites as .png files
                - sprite must match name for 
    - These will be placed in the user files for the game

1. Mod loading
    - Mods will be loaded into a singleton Mod Manager in the game engine.
    - This singleton will have a dict with DexEntry templates (or game engine equivalent)
    - Once all mods are loaded, they will be compiled into a single place for usage in the game
    - Planting this food for thought, what about an initial config mod that most games should have?
    
3. Complex systems
    - Battle system:
        - Hook-driven to allow current moves to work and to allow more customization
        - Move order will be dynamic or static, togglable.
        - Current design idea (This will have to be psuedo-coded for easy implementation in other engines):
            - Initial-entry hook (First time a poke is sent out)
            - On-entry hook (Switch-ins)
            - Pre-move hook (Things that occur before a poke does a move)
            - During-move hook (Things that happen during a move) (Think how sleep procs, but you still move if you wake up.)
            - Post-move hook (Things that happen after a move)
    - Move system:
        - Moves will be designed with these hooks in mind.
        - Custom moves will still need to be in a mod, but it will have a data point telling it where the custom script to run is. (I'm very iffy on this. Opens up security vulnerabilites)
    - Ability system:
        - Abilities will be designed with these hooks in mind.
        - Custom abilities will work the same as custom moves.
    - Encounter system:
        - data driven. Supply weights and names in mods, with route info
    - Dex system:
        - Just get data from mods and the game will handle displaying it properly.
    - Type charting:
        - Mods will be able to add types, so unhandled cases will default to neutral.
    - Language support:
        - Should do that